.TH knxm-mkusbmath-debian 1 

.SH NAME
knxm-mkusbmath-debian \- a bash script to help to make a bootable usb system.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.\" usage
.B knxm-mkusbmath-debian -cui

.B knxm-mkusbmath-debian [-f] 
.I SOURCE 
.I TARGET

.B knxm-mkusbmath-debian -s[f]
.I SOURCE
.I TARGET

.B knxm-mkusbmath-debian -r
.I TARGET

.B knxm-mkusbmath-debian -p
.I TARGETPARTITION

.B knxm-mkusbmath-debian -h



.SH DESCRIPTION
.I knxm-mkusbmath-debian
is a small bash script to help to make a bootable usb device. 

.SH OPTIONS
Here is a summary of all the options.
.TP
.BI -cui
Run as a cui mode.

.TP
.BI [-f]\ SOURCE\ TARGET
Copy the system from 
.I SOURCE
to 
.I TARGET
creat a bootable usb system to the first partition of TARGET,
and create persitent volume to the second partition.  
All files in TARGET will be 
.B removed.
.I SOURCE
should be an iso file, e.g.,  mathlibre-debian-amd64-20130403-ja.iso,
or a DVD/CD device, e.g., /dev/sr0.
.I TARGET
should be a device, e.g., /dev/sdc.
The option 
.I -f 
means so-called force mode, i.e., the mode without any confirmations.

.TP
.BI -s[f]\ SOURCE\ TARGET
Copy the system from 
.I SOURCE
to 
.I TARGET
creat a bootable usb system to TARGET.  All files in TARGET will be 
.B removed.
.I SOURCE
should be an iso file, e.g.,  mathlibre-debian-amd64-20130403-ja.iso,
or a DVD/CD device, e.g., /dev/sr0.
.I TARGET
should be a device, e.g., /dev/sdc.
The option 
.B f
means so-called force mode.

.TP
.BI -r\ TARGET
Create a partition of ext4 to the free space of the device TARGET.
.I TARGET
should be a device, e.g., /dev/sdc.

.TP
.BI -p\ TARGETPARTITION
Make TARGETPARTITION a persistent volume.
.I TARGETPARTITION
sould be a partition, e.g., /dev/sdc2.

.TP
.BI -h
Print helps.


.SH AUTHORS
NUMATA, Yacehide (nu+y at math sci hokudai ac jp)

